README.md, before:

# websocket

This is a Mythic C2 Profile called websocket. It provides a way for agents to connect in via a static websocket connection and then make their standard beaconing traffic within the single connection. This profile includes:

* Kill Dates
* Sleep Intervals (for the messages within the single websocket connection)
* Support for SSL

The c2 profile has `mythic_c2_container==0.0.22` PyPi package installed and reports to Mythic as version "3".


## How to install an agent in this format within Mythic

When it's time for you to test out your install or for another user to install your agent, it's pretty simple. Within Mythic is a `install_agent_from_github.sh` script (https://github.com/its-a-feature/Mythic/blob/master/install_agent_from_github.sh). You can run this in one of two ways:

* `sudo ./install_agent_from_github.sh https://github.com/user/repo` to install the main branch
* `sudo ./install_agent_from_github.sh https://github.com/user/repo branchname` to install a specific branch of that repo

Now, you might be wondering _when_ should you or a user do this to properly add your agent to their Mythic instance. There's no wrong answer here, just depends on your preference. The three options are:

* Mythic is already up and going, then you can run the install script and just direct that agent's containers to start (i.e. `sudo ./start_payload_types.sh agentName` and if that agent has its own special C2 containers, you'll need to start them too via `sudo ./start_c2_profiles.sh c2profileName`).
* Mythic is already up and going, but you want to minimize your steps, you can just install the agent and run `sudo ./start_mythic.sh`. That script will first _stop_ all of your containers, then start everything back up again. This will also bring in the new agent you just installed.
* Mythic isn't running, you can install the script and just run `sudo ./start_mythic.sh`.

Commit message:

Added message flow from Docs to README

README.md, after:

# websocket

This is a Mythic C2 Profile called websocket. It provides a way for agents to connect in via a static websocket connection and then make their standard beaconing traffic within the single connection. This profile includes:

* Kill Dates
* Sleep Intervals (for the messages within the single websocket connection)
* Support for SSL

The c2 profile has `mythic_c2_container==0.0.22` PyPi package installed and reports to Mythic as version "3".

## Websockets C2 Workflow
```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
    participant M as Mythic
    participant H as websocket
    participant A as Agent
    A -> H: 1
    Note over A: 2
    loop Websockets Protocol
    A -->> H: 3
    H ->> M: 4
    M -->> H: 5
    H -->> A: 6
    end
```

1. The Agent sends an HTTP/S Upgrade request to the Websockets server. The server responds with "HTTP/1.1 101 Switching Protocols". 
2. The Agent and Websocket server begin using the websockets protocol to send and receive messages.
3. Agent sends a message to receive taskings from server. The Message is inside a `Text Frame` as JSON of `{"client":true,"data": <b64data_to_mythic>,"tag":""}`
4. Websocket sends a GET/POST request to receive taskings from Mythic
5. Mythic returns tasks to Websocket
6. Websocket sends new tasks to the agent. The Message is inside a `Text Frame` as JSON of `{"client":false,"data": <b64data_from_mythic>,"tag":""}`

## How to install an agent in this format within Mythic

Use mythic-cli to install it:
`sudo ./mythic-cli install github https://github.com/MythicC2Profiles/websocket.git`

See https://docs.mythic-c2.net/installation#installing-agents-c2-profiles for more information
